# Ithaca College H&S Summer Scholars Program

### Major PAR Contributions:
I implemented the simple reflex agent for the QuestionChooserByOrderedConcepts, which chooses a question for the student to answer based on their performance in the course concept under which the question is classified. A summary of the algorithm goes as follows: The agent starts by organizing the concepts by one of the five performance scores (unprepared, developing, competent, exemplary, and unassessable). It will only show the user questions from concepts that are determined to be developing or competent. Thus, the first concept will always be labeled as developing to ensure that new users will always be asked a question. To limit the concepts to which a user has access (to produce a leveling system), questions from new concepts will be made available (scored at least developing if not already) when the user scores competent or exemplary on the preceding concepts. If a user scores exemplary on all the topics, then they will all be relegated to developing. Concepts are scored unassessable when they are without any questions. Within each concept, the question that has been seen least recently by the user will be prioritized for choosing. Improvements to the system may include implementing a leveled protocol for when all the concepts have been scored exemplary or using a more functional approach than the one currently in place.

Additionally, I also wrote the stress tests which assess the race conditions that occur when myriads of users perform a task on the system simultaneously or when one user performs myriads of tasks simultaneously. Through research, I determined that all the server tests that required a mock server, which included these stress tests, needed a specially built mock server that took in a test controller object which uses test data rather than local data. Moreover, the tests that exist currently use Java's Thread class, but could be improved by using Java's Stream API or their ExectorService class. The tests could also be improved with evaluations made for the amount of time it takes the server to process all the requests being made in addition to checking for bugs. The stress tests are designed to run on a dual core computer, so overall improvement in the amount of time it takes to run them can be seen on a quad core computer. 

### Minor PAR Contributions:
In the parui portion of this repository, I added the alert component that renders when a user attempts to do something erroneous and the page where users can be created, which includes an overlay that is visible when a user is successfully created. The alerts could be improved by setting the focus to just the alert when one appears onscreen, instead of rendering the alert in place of the component that was originally being rendered.
